Update description for SQL references (#2632)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-create-sink.md

---
id: sql-create-sink
title: CREATE SINK

> description: Deliver data processed in RisingWave to the sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Deliver data processed in RisingWave to sinks.
```
